postfixadmin-installer
======================

Script to automate the installation and configuration of a postfixadmin
system on a Redhat-alike OS (it uses yum).

You will need a working MySQL server (and knowledge of the root password for it).

Installation
------------

Just download and run as root:
    yum -y install perl-Digest-SHA (if you are running Centos 6 minimal install)
    yum -y install epel-release mysql-server
    GET https://raw.github.com/BigRedS/postfixadmin-installer/master/postfixadmin-installer > postfixadmin-installer
    perl ./postfixadmin-installer

You will be prompted for MySQL credentials at the beginning.
 At the end of the script you will be given the
generated setup password to use to set up the first admin user.

There's a few options you can pass the script; use `--help` to see them. The only one
that's particularly likely to be useful is `--fqdn`; if this isn't given then the
output of `hostname -f` is used. This value is used in a few places in the PostfixAdmin
UI; nothing other than links will break if you get it wrong.


Config
------

The script is split in two. The upper, larger, part is where all the config
is set, and it's mostly fairly well commented. A quick run down of the defaults:

* Mailboxes go in `/var/lib/vmail/<domain>/<local-part>`
* MySQL stuff goes in a db called `vmail` accessible by a user `vmail` from `localhost`.
* Filesystem stuff is all done as `vmail`:`vmail` by both Dovecot and Postfix.
* Postfixadmin 3.0.2 is downloaded from Sourceforge. It is extracted into
  `/var/www/postfixadmin` and Apache is not reconfigured at all; you might need to
	configure an alias to make this work.
* imap, imaps, pop3 and pop3s are all enabled.
* Plaintext imap(s) & pop3(s) auth is *enabled* (because it's really handy for testing).
* Plaintext auth for imap and pop is default when enabled.

To Do
-----

Patches welcome :) Also, file issues above.

Compatibility
-------------
This is known to work (i.e. tested succesfully) on:
* Centos 6 minimal install
* Debian Wheezy
* Debian Squeeze w/Dovecot 2.x

This doesn't work with Dovecot 1.x; the merging of the 'wheezy' branch broke this.

If you want the version that *does* work with Dovecot 1.x (specifically Lenny and
Squeeze), try it at tag 'lenny' or 'wheezy' (see 'Releases' on GitHub); I'm not
*that* interested in feature-adding to those, but if something does go wrong do
let me know.

I'm interested in compatibility with any other Redhat distros, too.
